README.md, before:

**[View Live Demo →](https://hcp-demo-mu.vercel.app)**

# Human Context Protocol Demo

A Next.js demonstration of how personal context and delegated authority should work in AI systems.

## Overview

This interactive demo tells the story of Human Context Protocol (HCP) through three progressive stages:

1. **Human Context** — The foundation of useful AI interactions
2. **Grant of Authority** — Secure, granular control over context sharing  
3. **Applications** — Real-world usage across AI systems

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Start development server
pnpm run dev

# Open http://localhost:3000
```

## Key Features

- **Progressive Narrative Flow** — Guided modals introduce each concept
- **Real-time Context Extraction** — Chat interactions build preference database
- **Granular Authority Management** — Control which AI services access what data
- **API-First Architecture** — Ready for integration with external AI systems

## Technical Stack

- **Next.js 15** with TypeScript
- **Framer Motion** for animations
- **Radix UI** components
- **Tailwind CSS** styling

## Purpose

This demo communicates why user-controlled context portability is essential for a healthy AI ecosystem. Built for policymakers, technologists, and researchers exploring the future of AI safety and digital sovereignty.

Commit message:

add live demo link to README

README.md, after:

**[View Live Demo →](https://hcp-demo-mu.vercel.app)**

# Human Context Protocol Demo

A Next.js demonstration of how personal context and delegated authority should work in AI systems. A live demo can be accessed at https://hcp-demo-mu.vercel.app.

## Overview

This interactive demo tells the story of Human Context Protocol (HCP) through three progressive stages:

1. **Human Context** — The foundation of useful AI interactions
2. **Grant of Authority** — Secure, granular control over context sharing  
3. **Applications** — Real-world usage across AI systems

## Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Start development server
pnpm run dev

# Open http://localhost:3000
```

## Key Features

- **Progressive Narrative Flow** — Guided modals introduce each concept
- **Real-time Context Extraction** — Chat interactions build preference database
- **Granular Authority Management** — Control which AI services access what data
- **API-First Architecture** — Ready for integration with external AI systems

## Technical Stack

- **Next.js 15** with TypeScript
- **Framer Motion** for animations
- **Radix UI** components
- **Tailwind CSS** styling

## Purpose

This demo communicates why user-controlled context portability is essential for a healthy AI ecosystem. Built for policymakers, technologists, and researchers exploring the future of AI safety and digital sovereignty.
